Add docs for `loguru` integration (#6617)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/configuration/integrations/loguru.mdx

---
title: Loguru

> description: Learn about using Sentry with loguru.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about using Sentry with Loguru.
```

Author: Fixed in 63f4e09e46f0ad7eb6fa2f46769f376780289f68. Thank you!

sidebar_order: 80
---

The [Loguru](https://github.com/Delgan/loguru#readme) integration lets you capture log messages and send them to Sentry.

> Most of the work is handled by the [`logging`](/platforms/python/guides/logging) integration, so most of the examples there will work with loguru.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python [Logging](/platforms/python/guides/logging) integration provides most of the Loguru functionality and most examples on that page work with Loguru.
```

Author: While correction `loguru -> Loguru` is right, the `logging -> Logging` is not. Because official Loguru docs mention its name with first capital character and `logging` docs mention itself as just logging (without capital and \`). I think it's quite confusing to use the word "logging" and library `logging` in one style, so isn't it better to mention `logging` with `?

## Install

Install `sentry-sdk` from PyPI with the `loguru` extra.

```bash
pip install --upgrade 'sentry-sdk[loguru]'
```

> ## Configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure

Add `LoguruIntegration()` to your integrations list:
```

Author: Fixed in 63f4e09e46f0ad7eb6fa2f46769f376780289f68. Thank you!

```python
import sentry_sdk
from sentry_sdk.integrations.loguru import LoguruIntegration

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    integrations=[
        LoguruIntegration(),
    ],
)
```

## Behavior

> By default log records with a level of `INFO` or higher will be added as breadcrumbs to Sentry events. For log records with a level of `ERROR` or higher a Sentry issue will be created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, logs with a level of `INFO` or higher will be added as breadcrumbs to Sentry events. Sentry issue will be created for logs with a level of `ERROR` or higher: 
```

Author: Fixed in 63f4e09e46f0ad7eb6fa2f46769f376780289f68. Thank you!

```python
from loguru import logger

logger.debug("I am ignored")
logger.info("I am a breadcrumb")
logger.error("I am an event", extra=dict(bar=43))
logger.exception("An exception happened")
```

> - There will be an error event with the message `"I am an event"`.
> - `"I am a breadcrumb"` will be attached as a breadcrumb to that event.
> - `bar` will end up in the `extra` attributes of that event.
> - `"An exception happened"` will send the current exception from `sys.exc_info()` with the stack trace to the Sentry. If there's no exception, the current stack will be attached.
> - The debug message `"I am ignored"` will not be captured by Sentry. To capture it, you need to lower `level` to `DEBUG` in `LoguruIntegration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An error event with the message `"I am an event"` will be created.
- `"I am a breadcrumb"` will be attached as a breadcrumb to that event.
- `bar` will end up in the `extra` attributes of that event.
- `"An exception happened"` will send the current exception from `sys.exc_info()` with the stack trace to Sentry. If there's no exception, the current stack will be attached.
- The debug message `"I am ignored"` will not be captured by Sentry. To capture it,  set `level` to `DEBUG` or lower in `LoguruIntegration`.
```

Author: Fixed in 63f4e09e46f0ad7eb6fa2f46769f376780289f68. Thank you!

### Ignoring a logger

> Sometimes a logger can be noisy. You can ignore that logger by calling `ignore_logger`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loggers can be noisy. You can ignore a logger by calling `ignore_logger`:
```

Author: Fixed in 63f4e09e46f0ad7eb6fa2f46769f376780289f68. Thank you!

> ```python

Reviewer: This code snippet didn't make sense to me. At first I thought it was showing two ways of doing the same thing (one with `logging` and one with `loguru`, but I don't think that's the case.

Is it showing code that should be in two different files? If so, this should be in 2 separate code snippet boxes.

Maybe this would make sense to loguru users, and if so, feel free to ignore!

Author: Yes, the example is incomplete because of https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/6617/commits/c0e507a7c70dc4c54540b265679b816c023abfc7#r1193011580.

> # As most of the logic is proxied to `logging` integration, we use it instead of `loguru` integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Since most of the logic is proxied to `logging` integration, we use it instead of the `loguru` integration.
```

Author: Fixed in 63f4e09e46f0ad7eb6fa2f46769f376780289f68. Thank you!

> # As most of the logic is proxied to `logging` integration, we use it instead of `loguru` integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Since most of the logic is proxied to `logging` integration, we use it instead of the `loguru` integration.
```

Author: Duplicate of https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/6617#discussion_r1190423916.

from sentry_sdk.integrations.logging import ignore_logger

ignore_logger("a.spammy.logger")

# and with loguru (in `a.spammy.logger` module)
from loguru import logger
logger.error("hi")  # again, no record
```

You can also use `before-send` and `before-breadcrumb` to ignore only certain messages. See <PlatformLink to="/configuration/filtering/">Filtering Events</PlatformLink> for more information.

## Options

You can pass the following keyword arguments to `LoguruIntegration()`:

```python
import sentry_sdk
from loguru import logger

from sentry_sdk.integrations.loguru import LoguruIntegration
from sentry_sdk.integrations.loguru import LoggingLevels

sentry_loguru = LoguruIntegration(
    level=LoggingLevels.INFO.value,        # Capture info and above as breadcrumbs
    event_level=LoggingLevels.ERROR.value  # Send errors as events
)

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    integrations=[
        sentry_loguru,
    ],
)
```

- `level`

>   The Sentry Python SDK will record log records with a level higher than or equal to `level` as breadcrumbs. Inversely, the SDK completely ignores any log record with a level lower than this one. If set to `None`, the SDK won't send log records as breadcrumbs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Sentry Python SDK will record log records with a level higher than or equal to `level` as breadcrumbs. Inversely, the SDK ignores any log record with a level lower than this one. If set to `None`, the SDK won't send log records as breadcrumbs.
```

Author: Fixed in 63f4e09e46f0ad7eb6fa2f46769f376780289f68. Thank you!

- The debug message `"I am ignored"` will not surface anywhere. To capture it, you need to lower `level` to `DEBUG` in `LoguruIntegration` args.
- `bar` will end up in the `extra` attributes of that event.
- `"An exception happened"` will send the current exception from `sys.exc_info()` with the stack trace to the Sentry. If there's no exception, the current stack will be attached.
- The debug message `"I am ignored"` will not be captured by Sentry. To capture it, you need to lower `level` to `DEBUG` in `LoguruIntegration`.

## Ignoring a logger
### Ignoring a logger

Sometimes a logger is extremely noisy and spams you with pointless errors. You can completely ignore that logger by calling `ignore_logger`:
Sometimes a logger can be noisy. You can ignore that logger by calling `ignore_logger`:

```python
# As most of the logic is proxied to `logging` integration, we use it instead of `loguru` integration.
from sentry_sdk.integrations.logging import ignore_logger

ignore_logger("a.spammy.logger")

# this will work with `logging`'s logger too
logger = logging.getLogger("a.spammy.logger")

> logger.error("hi")  # no error sent to sentry

Author: Why did you remove these strings?

Reviewer 2: I checked, they are in the final version.
